[Ray Core] Fix the Paths in the Generated Monitoring Configs to Consider temp-dir (#47871)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/metrics.md

### Quickstart: Running Prometheus locally

```{admonition} Note
:class: note

> If you need to change the root temporary directory by using "--temp-dir" in your ray 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to change the root temporary directory by using "--temp-dir" in your Ray 
```

> cluster setup, please follow the [manual steps](#optional-manual-running-prometheus-locally) to setup Prometheus locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster setup, follow these [manual steps](#optional-manual-running-prometheus-locally) to set up Prometheus locally.
```

cd prometheus-*
```

> Ray provides a Prometheus config that works out of the box. After running Ray, you can find the config at `/tmp/ray/session_latest/metrics/prometheus/prometheus.yml`. If you specify the `--temp-dir={your_temp_path}` when starting the ray cluster, the config file will be at `{yout_temp_path}/session_latest/metrics/prometheus/prometheus.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray provides a Prometheus config that works out of the box. After running Ray, you can find the config at `/tmp/ray/session_latest/metrics/prometheus/prometheus.yml`. If you specify the `--temp-dir={your_temp_path}` when starting the Ray cluster, the config file is at: `{your_temp_path}/session_latest/metrics/prometheus/prometheus.yml`
```

- job_name: 'ray'
  file_sd_configs:
  - files:

>     - '/tmp/ray/prom_metrics_service_discovery.json' # or '{your_temp_path}/prom_metrics_service_discovery.json' if --temp-dir is specified

Reviewer 2: [nit] ${your_temp_path} the dollar sign
